h1. QTXAutoPlayFullscreen

h2. About

QTXAutoPlayFullscreen is a SIMBL Plugin that alters Quicktime Player X to automatically start playing when entering full screen.
It also automatically resigns full screen when the movie has finished playing. 
 
h2. Installing QTXAutoPlayFullscreen

In order to enable SIMBL plugins you need to install SIMBL, you can download the latest release at: http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php

After installing SIMBL you need to download the @QTXAutoPlayFullscreen.bundle.zip@ file, extract it and drop @QTXAutoPlayFullscreen.bundle@ in @~/Library/Application Support/SIMBL/Plugins/@
You can create the folder if it doesn't already exist.

Now the plugin will be loaded when you start Quicktime Player X. If it was already running you need to restart Quicktime Player X.

h2. Configuration

You can configure the plugin by changing the defaults in the @com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX@ preference.
This is easily managed by running one of these commands in the Terminal.

h4. Enable auto play on full screen (default)

@defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX QTXAutoPlayFullscreenEnabled -bool YES@

h4. Disable auto play on full screen

@defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX QTXAutoPlayFullscreenEnabled -bool NO@

h4. Enable auto resign full screen when movie ends (default)

@defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX QTXAutoResignFullscreenEnabled -bool YES@

h4. Disable auto resign full screen when movie ends

@defaults write com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX QTXAutoResignFullscreenEnabled -bool NO@

